Master Shi, this dance is not worth it
1 million I can't
If everything is bought within 10 days
I'm going to lose today
Tell him it's worthless.
He's putting pressure on you by saying that
But don't worry.
We only need one thing to fight hard
You mean the Spring and Autumn Mountains and Rivers Map
The value of that thing you can't imagine
I am a rich man.
A Ming Dynasty Guping sold at an auction
After being accidentally smashed
It was discovered that hundreds of millions of fine carved jadeite was hidden inside
The stock of the lucky one in the past life
It was obtained at the imposed auction.
If I take this baby
I'm sure I can beat this thing for 10 days
500,000
Next 1 million
Next 2 million
Ouyang still doesn't make a move?
There are not many pieces of seafood left.